Starting Point: Greed Island's entrance, the place where players teleport to when they enter the game. Eeta greets the players and explains the rules of the game inside.

Magic City of Masadora: a fantasy-themed city. The only place spell cards are sold. With 10000 Jenny, one can buy 3 random spell cards in the spell card shop. Many players who have given up on the game come to this city to look for a Leap card to get out of the island.

Port City Soufrabi: it has a beautiful line of cliffs but one must not forget that it is ruled by the pirates. The lighthouse on a headland of the city is their secret den. To be allowed to fight against the pirates, a player is required to form a team of exactly 15 people and come here together with his teammates. If they can drive away the pirates, they will be rewarded with a very rare and important item.

The City of Love, Aiai: the atmosphere on the streets of this city feels like it is based upon romantic simulation games. A strange heart-shaped object floating in the sky is its symbol. Any player who wants to enjoy the pleasure of a heterosexual encounter needs to come here. In this city there are all kinds of clichéd situations and events that can lead to love.

City of Prizes, Antokiba: the closest city to the center of the island. Walls in the city are pasted up with very many reward posters. On the 15th of each month, a major contest is held here in which the winner is rewarded with a specified slot card. Many players go straight to Antokiba aftering the game so a lot of basic information about beginners can be gathered in this city.

Gambling City Dorias: the casino is the staple of this city. One is not required to wear formal clothes to enter it, and even children are allowed. Some types of specified slot cards can only be obtained by getting a triple seven on a slot machine or by winning poker against the King of the casino. The Risky Dice can be very useful in this city.

Bunzen: a large town on the southern edge of the island which borders a dense forest. Things are normally very calm here, but the nearby forest is said to be the home of various strong beasts so most players try to actively avoid it. Some say that this place holds the secret to obtaining the SS ranked ‘Patch of Forest’ card, but that remains a mystery even today.

Rubicuta City: another starting city in the game because of its short distance from the island's main entrance.

Capital City, Limeiro: the capital of Greed Island. Not only the castle, even the streets of the city are full of energy. The last event of the game is held in this city. The big castle where, according to rumors, gamemasters live is the symbol of the city. The players who clear the game will finally arrive in this city and receive an impressive welcome as the ending.

Greed Island Fields: a series of hills in Greed Island. The player can be trained by a master, by repeatedly digging through these hills using shovels until they reach Masadora, and then digging their way back. Many Monsters can be encountered in this area. Shu can be learned this way.
